In the patient directory, um, the left panel should be able to be collapsed so the full page is the actual, uh, patient profile. And in the patient profile, I don't like it being all these bright colors. Like, use the colors like in Plexus IQ. It's the blues, the blacks, the, the, you know, the white, um, those colors. Um, second thing is the, the overview should be the top and it should definitely, I agree, um, uh, you know, why the patient qualifies for, for what, and it should show all of them that the patient qualifies for. So, um, it should have everything to do with the ancillary. So it says qualifies for four ancillary tests in the overview, and it says tied to brainwave. And then it gives the example of, you know brainwave and then there's like um next action like I don't understand the point of that like that's that makes no sense to me why there's next action follow-up you know scheduled re-eligible assigned four or five billing ready like that means nothing like stop stop making this so confusing you know like think about it as um as a ancillary care specialist or a patient care specialist looking at it like they don't deal with that right they they only deal with up until scheduling and submitting reports they don't deal with billing and stuff so let's not put that right on the top like put a patient profile of the overview list the four you know ancillaries or whatever it is they qualify for potentially and then you know and then it just go from there like like section these things off in a in a very organized manner like you're talking about overview and then recent calls and then cooldown eligibility like no like it should be more clear like okay they had like if it's cool down okay this is the date that they had the um ancillary test and this is when it's the next time you know um as an example Acure Patricia that's what i'm looking at so and then um this is cool down records and it shows the echo the bilateral carotid vital wave brainwave like okay i understand like make this a bit more organized like make it premium like as if it's a proper emr not just randomly putting in and then add automation what the does add automation like why is that the second thing this is a fucking patient directory this isn't a ad like put yeah i need it but don't why why are you putting it right in the beginning right like put that like qualification um Like of, of the ancillaries, make it very clear icons. Okay, I-- ancillary one, ancillary two, ancillary three, this is why they qualify, you know? The clinician reasoning, how to explain to patients, that's, that's that. And then, um, previous test, ancillary test and when they were, and then the cool down of when they're anticipated, right? Like then you go into regular EMR stuff like the labs or whatever whatever else is there you know? um and then like like when this is pulled up in the um team member portal like have a version of this with a calendar that pulls up so when they click on the patient name they have the calendar right there as well so they can click on the calendar And that has a pop-up with the times, and they can choose the ancillary test and get the patient scheduled, right? Like, I shouldn't... Like, it shou- it needs to be way more efficient than this