Okay, so I do like the animation, but I do not want the work queue pill to go away, just the card, like the tile or, you know, like that just moves to the side. But even that part of it is showing just slightly with, um, where, where when you hover over it, it comes back. Like I, it shouldn't have... Like the pill shouldn't go away, you know, the And the same for the tool side, same exact thing. Like, the animation for that is a little bit different, you know? Um, I, I don't like that. And with that being said, um, I want there to be a fucking opacity, like, uh, like maybe four- uh, 50%. So that way, like... Uh, yeah, like... Oh my goodness, like, you know? Like I I- Like- I- Like the WorkCue- Like the fucking icons on the top are call list as answerly and all that. Like why the fuck is it like that when it's a smaller version? I don't- I don't fucking get it. I don't- I genuinely don't fucking get it. Like I- It's so fucking infuriating. Um, and then on the WorkCue there's this- there's this fucking message: No facility assigned yet in Yellow Why the fuck is this coming on? Or it says all 39 like in black and callbacks due now. Like take that fucking shit off. Like please, for the love of god, take that shit off. You know? Like I need you to refine the shit out of this. And then now when I click playground: pill The side panels are not coming back. Like what the fuck happened to that? You know? And then, uh, now also with this like when I click on the patient name, okay Very nice. Acker Patricia, the, the profile showed up. But dude, in, in the fucking team member portal, like one of the major things that has to be there on the canvas, on the playground is the fucking calendar and the fucking, um, uh, what do you call it? Um, the, it was a calendar so we-- they can easily schedule. Like that should never fucking be a problem, like at all so maybe like maybe that's the you know something that's I mean it should it should always be there like no matter what like part of the page should always have a like a prominent like calendar logo or something that overlies everything that like they can I don't know if it's overlies or it takes part of the screen a premium-looking calendar you know and then for the calls like it should not be hard to find the result of the call. Like, and then when they're done with that patient, there needs to be on the actual right panel, um, patient bar, like there should be a button or something that they have to submit. Like they have to submit it. And when they submit it, then everything that they did gets audited or, I mean, not audited, but it gets submitted in so they know they're submitting it to somebody, you know? But it needs to be very easily noticeable, you know? Very easily noticeable